refactor: new CLI commands documentation (#413)
NodeSecure/cli: docs/cli/verify.md

## 📝 Command `verify`

> The `verify` command is used to verify the integrity and security of a specific package. This command checks the package against known vulnerabilities and integrity issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `verify` command performs a deep analysis of a specified NPM package. It provides advanced information about the files in the tarball, including details on potential threats, file integrity, and more.
```
